---
date-created: 2023-07-28
tags: [Journal]
---

# 1. Ideas - Original thoughts for projects or posts
- current methodology of budgeting involves to first put away money for all bills as they are mandatory
	- I calculate how much bills are per month and divide that into 2 for my fortnightly pay checks. 
	- next I check if I have any events on in my calendar and move all monies to events with a description of the event on transfer.
	- next I put at least $200 in savings. More if I can afford it.
	- if my zip is in excess, I pay more than $80 
	- Whatever is left constitutes my spending on general items or spur of the moment events. I keep a wish list of items in my reminders which needs to be moved

# 2. Insights - quick capture literature notes
- Nicholas Taleb defines a Stoic as someone who:
> “transforms fear into prudence, pain into information, mistakes into initiation and desire into undertaking.”

# 3. Reflecting - Reflection on Your Own Thoughts for Stoic Meditations

Was a really struggle to get out of bed today. My mind really fought to win that I should stay in bed instead of go to the gym. It came up with all kinds of excuses such as: "oh you can do it later"; or "you've been so good lately, what's skipping one session?". While these suggestions may be true, I had to consult the motive of these thoughts and I found them to be for no reason but to be lazy. I had to question why not today? When the only excuse my desire run mind could come up with was "because I'm tired" I had to refuse its advances. I knew, even half asleep, tiredness is almost never a good enough excuse to not do something. It must be such a substantial tiredness that health is put at risk. A mere difficulty in engaging in a strenuous task is not sufficient to discharge your promise to yourself that you'd go to the gym.

# 4. To Do - If I think there is notes on here which need to be processed create a task

- [ ] Processed? 

- [ ] Process and possibly reread Atomic habits notes from old vault