---
date-created: 2023-07-25 05:27
tags: [Journal]
---

# 1. Ideas - Original thoughts for projects or posts
- working sets are sets are the maximum reps you can do with good form

# 2. Insights - quick capture literature notes
- created [[Oscar Wilde - the-importance-of-being-earnest|a note for the importance of being earnest]]

# 3. Reflecting - Reflection on Your Own Thoughts for Stoic Meditations
Ironically its the perceiving of perceiving that makes you feel awkward. You project what you are appearing as in someone else's eyes and as you do it you forget to just do what you need to do. 

Stoicism is something you practice by constant reminder through journalism. You discover, rediscover and embed your knowledge learned of stoic life and principles. Especially being able to delineate what is within and what is outside your control. I often fear losing my power over my will, acquired through study and practice. However, writing about my experience provides a fail safe, a place for me to come back to when if I ever get totally lost.

Why is it that we all seem to struggle with the same problems but no one wishes to help another on a problem that they've solved. Better yet, whys is there an aversion from those struggling to accept any help? 

# 4. To Do - If I think there is notes on here which need to be processed create a task

- [ ] set up a tag system and workflow for literature notes for book club with Mum and one for book club with Tyler
- [ ] add publish.obsidian.md/hub for quick capture 
- [ ] take notes on dataview documentation