---
date-created: 2023-07-23
tags: [Journal]
---

# Ideas - philosophical notes and project ideas or notes

It's good to always be doing something you want to be doing at all times. You should be choosing your life. I don't mean that as you should never be doing something tedious. But if that tedious task is a necessity towards a greatly coveted goal, then you should take pride in what you're doing. If you cannot, take this pride, you should evaluate your goals. Why dont they feel worth pursuing, worth suffering for? Because all life has in it, its necessary sufferings whether instant or delayed in any action you are conducting that is within your control. Be goal oriented but not goal governed. #philosophy #new-idea-jjm 

. 

# Insights on videos

Atomic notes are good because contrary to hierarchial note taking which, without a prompt, you don't understand the value of an object or concept on its own. [[Vicky Zhao - how-to-take-smart-notes]] 

# Reflecting

Why do I always feel anticipation to confrontation? What is it, do I fear what the outcome will be? I know that given my friendship circles, I am unlikely to be in a confrontation which involves physical violence. They are not a violent people. But, when my flutter is on well-founded anticipation that an argument will ensue, I cannot help but feel the flight gather within me. I fear isolation and rejection. I fear the fear that will leave me speechless as an unarmed plunge through the fabric of my character. After all, this character is curated and built. The result? I've created barrier between those around me and my true nature. When conflict arises, which it will always do, I try to shrink away or I take a stand, when I ought not, on a build up of missed molehills. 

No longer use your phone for what society has pushed. Reduce it to as little and as practical as possible. I only use my phone for note taking, reading, researching, music and organising of social events. I don't even use it to check the time. I keep a simple digital watch for that purpose. Eventually I am to use an e-ink ereader for my reading to further reduce my stimulation and access. I'll eventually be reduced to ideally only music and socialising. My obsidian is set up to take in all new ideas and to progress my knowledge of philosophy. I attribute all my progression as of late to both the study of philosophy and exercise. Note I do not say a particular philosophy but instead the study of it? 

As James Clear might say, the importance in starting anything new is the system. However, it's also easy to over-engineer any system. By that, I mean to overcomplicate the skinning of the cat by enumerating all the methods that it may be done. It's more important to start something and develop and research better systems while doing it. As any system is highly dependant on the context, i.e your own personal experience, it's more important to have an understanding of the difficulties of one method of doing something to make an informed judgement as what may be better.

The impression of perceived other people's perceptions fear me more than what is more than likely irs a

# To Do

- [ ] create a workflow for literature notes to be turned into Atomic notes. You should have one page which will later become the moc. 