---
date-created: 2023-07-29
tags: [Journal]
---

# 1. Ideas - Original Thoughts for Projects or Posts

## 1.1. Gym Mind Muscle Connection

I have the ability to vaguely conjure mental projections. Currently I superimpose in the dark whiteboard of my thoughts the image of a mechanical lever in my arms when doing bench presses (or any other movement). I want to research more about mind muscle connection.

# 2. Insights - Quick Capture Literature Notes

- What is a way to use this subheading? "This is an example of a quote which acts as evidence for an idea" This is a conclusion on that aforementioned idea - [include source using naming convention]]]
- kants lectures imply socialist 

# 3. Reflecting - Reflection on Your Own Thoughts for Stoic Meditations

Spend regular time away from online social connection, allow yourself to he truly alone. use this time to medititate. Allow it to calm your Soul.

Read as many different forms of art as you can. Get these capture moments of other consciousnesses and study them. Manga, philosophy, psychology, poetry art - all of it.

# 4. To Do - If I Think there is Notes on here Which Need to Be Processed Create a Task

- [ ] Make a workflow for daily note to capture gym notes to develop mind muscle connection.
- [ ] research flow focus
- [ ] add and take notes to read these books https://youtu.be/ZXh42MD7I-Q
- [x] add pomodoro timer plugin to vault.
- [x] start reading vagabond on tablet - I'm buying physical copies in store.
- [ ] Research [[mind-muscle-connection]]