---
date-created: 2023-07-30
tags: [Journal]
---

# 1. Ideas - Original thoughts for projects or posts
- Here is something I could do which would be a good project to undertake;

# 2. Insights - quick capture literature notes
- What is a way to use this subheading? "This is an example of a quote which acts as evidence for an idea" This is a conclusion on that aforementioned idea - [include source using naming convention]]]

# 3. Reflecting - Reflection on Your Own Thoughts for Stoic Meditations

Ensure that in the process of this fascination of note-taking and knowledge cultivating that I don't become cocky or shut off to the idea of seemingly *prima facie* unsubstantiated ideas. There is a trap to knowlege accumulation in where the knowledge-keeper believes themselves superior or above those who don't practice academic pursuits. This is completely contradictary the point of academia. You must take in all ideas, views and such. Question the fallacies of someones argument (when appropriate to do so, such as a casual conversational debate) and don't present a case of your own ideas and conclusions instead ask and ask and ask about the holes in theirs. Perhaps someone does not think to convey evidence to support their view and they may surprise you to have evidence or an insight which, upon closer inspection, is revolutionary. 

Today, I spoke to Nan for over an hour about her life history. It occurred to me that for my entire life I've never asked her in depth out of a fear of being too personal or not appropriate. I really enjoyed hearing about family history and that there was an entire lived by this person whom I am related but yet have never had the initiative to do anything about.

# 4. To Do - If I think there is notes on here which need to be processed create a task
- [ ] processed? 
- [ ] mum likes royal Dalton tea sets. Birthday present idea? 