Write your goals down. This is part of what meditations is. What philosophy proposes to do is make one think about one's self and to think about thinking. To think about how you think is like doing mental reps in the mind. It causes you to question the character and nature of each micro thought and decision. While this may sound chaotic it actually it causes you to conduct the necessary tests to your life choices. Your life choices are what dictate your experience. It can vary in how long it takes, but eventually, life is constantly better. It makes your brain sore at first and often there is strain but you learn to always do a check on what you're going to do and why. If a thought, especially a negative one, that floats across your will's attention (by will I mean of the kind dictated by Epcitetus and other stoic philsophers). The sort of clouds of memory in your attention - to give you a way to describe this phenomenon. When you get good at checking these clouds, so to say, your questioning often can being out unforeseen truths. Like turning over rocks within your mind and exploring it truly and like most mental exercises (visualisation for example) you get better at it the more you do it. You're working your brain, a muscle, like you would any other muscle on your body. I can attest to this. This blog is a call on others who wish to be in governance of themselves. Those who wish to approach each decision by applying it to the tests of reason and rationale to the context of the particular circumstances. By circumstances I mean:
Whether internally, the ultimate outcome of coming to a particular mental conclusion will cause you suffering or not [[I'll let the reader decide which is preferable as theres benefits fo both]])
([[And on the balance of each founded in reason and  rationale]])
Or whether externally, it'll cause a change to the surrounding circumstances to cause either oneself or others suffering directly. [[I'll discuss why we shouldn't worry about indirect sufferings]] [[what counts as a direct suffering]] [[The study of philosophy is basically the study of how to question]]
By using the filters above to question your thought clouds, you do mental reps which increase your endurance and your throughput on information being questioned. It's kind of like learning to speed read in your head. This is also increased by reading which not only practices discipline but also strengthens the compelling nature of the voice, the thinker, inside your head. By having a strong and compelling thinking voice, it's comparable to possessing a strong commanding will. This is why I write now, the absolute authority I have over myself within myself and through my body, external to myself, that it has changed my life in such a tremendous capacity that it I almost feel it would be cruel if I kept this way of thinking to myself. I'm not proposing that this way is the way to live life I'm saying it's a way. This is what philosophy is. This is what you are exploring. Putting on different hats, which disguise you with a different lens on life filtering the way in which you experience. Do whichever will expose you to a sufficient amount of discomfort to ensure the authority of the government within yourself can be tested and unyeileded to grow its temperance (like a folded samuai sword) so that it may not bend. Allow it to possess more authority than anything absolute. Why should it not be deemed the ultimate? I know that we have external governments and they might wish you to believe them to be the authority absolute. That's how some unfortunate souls prescribe to thinking. It's a zombification. Not a pleasant fate to me, but to each a masochist to their own I guess. When you test your resolve by exposing yourself to discomforts, you callous the will (or the internal governance as it may be called produced by you the thinker) and allow it to be hardened. [[I started writing because I am getting so many ideas so quick and so many are being deemed to be good and I need to begin writing somewhere]]. Everyone should choose more and more sufferings so as to be 1% better as Atomic Habits by James Green? Said or 1% more taxing effort. I recommend spending that tax on activities that will produce you a future benefit. By benefit I mean one something that is hard won, something that makes an impact on your surroundings. Leave yourself little trophies of hard won efforts. Have an organised room, have a few hobbies, have a social life, have a physically well trained body, fill up your water before you go to bed, practice being humble. The list is not exhaustible. At least not within my comprehension. By doing these things you leave yourself reminders everywhere and to everybody else that you are well within control of yourself. It sort of radiates and energy of someone. I call to the shared experience that we all know of that instinctive feeling where someone has a compelling energy about them. Often it's contagious which is why notable philosophers implore you to think about who you choose to interact with. Which other thinkers you wish to connect with - digitally or face to face which should now be considered. When you are around (in light of digitals, im using the term "around" losely) these compelling individuals you get that instinctive intuitive feeling that they are admirable. Wether this is social conditioning or not, this is a least an experience I anticipate is not controversially shared. At least to some of you, like I said, I'm notbsahing this is the way to live, just a way. Which is why you should also consider the taxing task of reading specifically philosophy because it will allow you extract and you should extract principles from each until you exponentially feel better each day by having a hardened callous will, which positive feedback loops to strengthening your internal governance. Having better internal governance allows for better decisions. Reading will allow you to express yourself better. By learning how others structure their thinking. You strengthen the underlying skill of mimicing another thinking essentially through vocal manipulation. Another good [[tax task]] is exercise and dieting. Looking and feeling good are tasks which require effort:
Weighing your food on a scale, takes effort;
Weighing yourself each morning and recording it in an app takes effort. 
Going to the gym at least 3-4 times a week is taxing
Walking at least 10,000 steps a day is taxing.
I do not suggest doing all these at once immediately. But simply turning the end goal or future benefit of having a well structured physick into micro steps of effort, a 1% more taxing if you will. [[You'll also notice that when you need something done in smaller goals, the perceived suffering of the effort taken in a task will be numb due to the callous will.]]

[[By studying law you are studying how youre going to ]]
[[Track your philosophy in obsidian, or wiki style, how to, expand philosophy like synapses in a brain using graph view reports]]
[[Duty to share your optimally picked philosophy, duty to update on corrections]]
[[Have a method of philosophy quick capture, whichevers least effort. I recommend phone notes app]]

[[Instant gratifications reverse the effects of a developed callous will. It causes the voice of desire to be more compelling and about to cause a coup. So don't have vices. A vice is only a vice if it is an instant gratification. Vapings a bad one]]

[[Turn off your thought stream when required through the practice of meditation]] 

[[Love is the antithesis of suffering]] 

[[Never assume that what you deem to be a good decision by your philosophy is one that us a good decision by another's, keep this in mind when at argument with someone and instead turn it into an opportunity to further your understanding. See if they may offer insight to a better way in some small way. Seek to advocate for your enemy. Implore them to communicate their alleged reasoning to conclusions and why they had decided such weight in weighing up competing attributes of a given stance on a topic. An impression, Epectitus might call it]] 

[[Never lie about vices reduces accountability]] 

[[Allign your desires with the circumstances which are outside of your control. Desire is within your control once you have mastered the skill of internal governance]]

Write down (digitally or physically whichever works for you) and develop routines. Bundle tasks and have then prompted by specific context such as after you get home from work